---
layout: post
title:  "Mujadara"
date:   2024-06-01 21:27:27 +0100
categories: recipes
---
Serves 4

### Ingredients
* Olive oil
* 2 medium onions, thinly sliced
* 150g brown or green lentils
* 100g basmati rice
* 1 tsp ground cumin
* 1 tsp ground coriander
* 1/4 tsp ground turmeric
* 1 tsp ground allspice
* 1tsp ground cinnamon
* 1/2 tsp sugar
* Salt and pepper
* 175ml water

### Method
1. Put the lentils in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook for 12-15 minutes until soft but not completely cooked. 
2. When the lentils are cooked, drain them and set to one side. 
3. Cover the bottom of the pan with olive and gently fry the onions until brown and crispy. This will take about half an hour. 
4. Remove the onions to a paper towel.
5. Pour the rice into the pan you cooked the onions in, along with the spices. 
6. Gently fry the rice and spices for a minute or two. 
7. Add the cooked lentils to the pan, along with the water. 
8. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer on very low heat for 15 minutes.
9. Remove the pan from the heat, lift the lid and cover the pan with a clean tea towel. Seal tightly with the lid and set aside for 10 minutes. 
10. Add half the fried onion and stir gently. 

## Salad

### Ingredients
* 1/3 of a cucumber, finely chopped
* 1 large vine tomato, finely chopped
* Olive oil
* Salt and pepper

### Method
1. Put all of the ingredients into a bowl and stir

## Yoghurt

### Ingredients
* Half a pot of Greek yoghurt
* 1/3 cucumber, finely chopped
* 1 clove of garlic, minced
* 1 teaspoon of fresh dill, finely chopped
* 1/2 tsp salt
* Juice of half a lemon

### Method
1. Put all of the ingredients into a bowl and stir

